mr. gaspie I'd like to know exactly who
are you winning out his house his
parties his fancy clothes we were born
different it's in our blood nothing that
you do or dream up can ever change that
Gatsby he had a grand vision for his
life since he was a boy I'm gonna fix
things just the way they were before
just you and me no amount of fire could
challenge the fairy tale he had stored
up in his heart
cuz all this made entirely from your own
imagination
but I had the uneasy feeling that he was
guarding secrets
everything on earth
it had gone beyond her
it had gone beyond everything
my life my life has got to be like this
it's got to keep going on